What is artificial intelligence? Before
we answer that let's look at these terms
individually what do you understand by
the term artificial well it can be
anything that is made by humans things
that are not natural and what do you
understand by intelligence it is the
ability to understand think and learn so
what do we get when we combine these two
together
artificial intelligence is a broad area
of computer science that makes machine
seem like they have human intelligence
the goal of AI is to mimic the human
brain and create systems that can
function intelligently and independently
they say that the age of AI is here but
then you might be wondering why don't
you see flying cars or robotic maids
bringing you lunch why doesn't your life
look more like the Jetsons
well for starters that's a cartoon and
when it comes to AI a robot is nothing
more than a shell concealing what's
actually used to power the technology AI
can manifest itself in many different
ways if you have ever asked Alexa to
order your food or browse Netflix movie
suggestions you are actually interacting
with AI without realizing it and that's
kind of the point a is designed so you
do not realize that there is a machine
calling the shots in the near future
ai is expected to become a little less
artificial and a lot more intelligent as
AI becomes more intelligent it will
obviously take on the role of an
intelligent worker while most of the
repetitive and largely time oriented
tasks can be automated using AI we will
still need human experts who can build
and maintain these synthetic BOTS and
work on the strategic and creative
aspects of a job
so in conclusion AI is a boon that can
help optimize any job this means that as
always it's not AI versus humans rather
it is a combination of humans and AI
versus the actual problem statement so
what are you waiting for
pull up your socks and get ready to be a
part of this AI revolution start
learning this trending technology using
Edureka's expertly curated courses, until
next time happy learning!